[docs-only] Add missing changelog entry (#2407)
owncloud/ocis: changelog/unreleased/user-group-provider-naming.md

Bugfix: Fix naming of the user- and groupprovider services

> The services ared called "storage-userprovider" and "-groupprovider". The 'ocis help' output was missleading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The services are called "storage-userprovider" and "atorage-groupprovider". The 'ocis help' output was misleading.
```

Author: done, thanks!
